## What is the most powerful assessment you use?
- Project based assessment seems to work best for me. I find I can learn most about where a student is at by seeing what they come up with. We can then dissect their project into the key learning target that we have been working on to see specifically where there skills are. This works well for summative assessments but not very well for formative assessments. I am not good at summative assessments in my classes. 
## Assessment Needs
- I would like to have more bench mark assessments I find I do an ok job with formative going over the previous lesson at the beginning of class. But I need a way to benchmark their learning as a piece of the learning is done.
-  how do I benchmark in a meaningful way without starting over from scratch each time and keeping our time on track. 
- How do I do a benchmark for students who will miss days, if a bench mark would be a graded activity. If  a student misses work would I move on and skip their benchmark or do I have them benchmark and miss out on direct instruction. 
- content vs skill
	- content is the individual pieces that make up the code(node structure)(variables, functions, ect.)
	- skills is the applications(using all of these piece individually)
- I think that content skills can be assessed in formative assessment and the skills can be assessed in benchmark or summative.
## Assessments I don't use
- Pre assessments don't seem all that beneficial for students in my classes. I would only do this if its for cite 6 and I need to show growth for students throughout the course of the unit.
- Universal Screeners
- State or National
## To do
- Look at the slides sent from John. 